I believe you're a first grader at the
time tell why you were scolded at a
summer camp once for what you put on
your application for like well yeah well
I wanted to be an NBA player I want to
be the best player in the world and she
said you know you need to be more
realistic
um
this is realistic to me this is what I
want to do you know what I mean and he
was like no only one in whatever million
you know players right make it to the
NBA so well I'm going to be there you
know I remember my mom wiping my face
and telling me that
uh she she told me she's like remember
this remember this moment you know never
let anybody tell you what you can or
can't do and As I Grew Older I was like
man you know what if I wasn't such a
stubborn kid
that really would have crushed me